This is a Git repository of all of my comp 20 assignments and labs, ranging from front end and design work to back end server development.

My favorite assignment was easily assignment 3. I got to make two computers communicate with eachother! Being able to control what goes on in front and behind the scenes was very gratifying.

My growth throughout this class has been surprising, to say the least. I never thought that I would get hooked on web development, and yet now I find myself doing some sort of web dev every day. The fact that I can make tangible products that I can show my friends got me hooked, and now I cannot stop learning new ideas and techniques to make my work even better. I also grew as a teacher; I learned that it is infinitely more gratifying to see a fellow student work through a solution by themselves (with a couple hints, occasionally), rather than me giving them the code to just copy down.

The most important thing I've learned in this class is how to learn. I recall when I was trying to learn Mongo commands, and the transition from the shell to node was not making sense. In order to figure it out, I took to the internet (Google and Stack Overflow). I found the answers there, interpreted them, and implemented them. Learning how to learn and how to use the broad resources availible to me is an invaluable skill. I also learned that while some of these resources can be poorly documented or developed (i.e. some node modules and some APIs), that does not mean that I should completely avoid them. Instead, I should look at them with a cautious eye, and use them while keeping in mind their shortcomings, and, if need be, to find my own solution. For instance, when working on the group project, I found it extremely difficult to work with the Yelp API, so I decided to do some research and found a separate node module that would let me access Yelp without all of the fancy syntax the official Yelp module required. By finding my own solutions rather than accepting what is given to me, I have grown as both a student and a person.

Now that I'm done with the class, my next step is two-fold. I want two explore two parallel tracks: security and mobile development. For security, I want to explore offensive hacking, penentration testing, and the like, because it blows my mind that you can hack somebody and they'll thank you for it! I also enjoy the flexibility and the mindset required in order to be someone working on offensive security because the idea of constantly finding new ways to attack a problem is extremely attractive to me: that's the way I live my life! I also know that security is a field that will grow more and more even though it has been around ever since the dawn of the internet, which makes me all the more excited to see what comes next! I also want to explore mobile develoment because of how new and personal it is. EVERYONE has a personal mobile device with them nowadays, and the scalability and potential every mobile app has is extremely exciting to me!